readme.md, before:

# nft callout chrome extension
as we all know, twitter recently unrolled this feature for users to set nfts as their pfp. i've seen a couple of chrome extensions that auto-block these (such as [this](https://github.com/mcclure/NFTBlocker)), but y'know, the satisfaction of blocking someone manually? anyways, i made this.

## install instructions
- download "nft-callout.zip" from the right under "releases".
- unzip it.
- go to chrome://extensions if you're on a chrome browser. you should be on one? if you're not, this wouldn't work. sorry.
- turn on developer mode (top right)
- choose "load unpacked"
- navigate to this
- yay!

have fun :) if you know css you can even have a go at modifying it slightly.

it's rather bodgy, but hey, it works! at least, it works for me on the newest version of chrome on a mac. i have no idea about other platforms or versions, sorry.

## faq
**why mark and not block?**  
honestly, i just doing this a lot cleaner. and of course the ✨ satisfaction ✨ of blocking manually :)

**can't you already see hexagons in pfps?**  
there are some people who mock nft by putting hexagons in their pfp. also, it's pretty small. hard to see. and also a red flag is funny.

**how does this work?**  
it just injects some css into your browser that adds some red and a flag to any profile picture with the hexagon crop.

**there's a bug!**  
you can open an issue or drop me a message [on twitter](https://twitter.com/bucketfish_)! no promise that i'll get to it tho.

**i hate nfts!**  
me too.

Commit message:

update readme.md about opera support

readme.md, after:

# nft callout chrome extension
as we all know, twitter recently unrolled this feature for users to set nfts as their pfp. i've seen a couple of chrome extensions that auto-block these (such as [this](https://github.com/mcclure/NFTBlocker)), but y'know, the satisfaction of blocking someone manually? anyways, i made this.

also works on opera(tested) and other chromium-based browsers with an extensions feature, probably!

## install instructions
- download "nft-callout.zip" from the right under "releases".
- unzip it.
- go to chrome://extensions if you're on a google chrome, or opera:extensions if you're on opera, or google around for other browsers.
- turn on developer mode (top right)
- choose "load unpacked"
- navigate to this
- yay!

have fun :) if you know css you can even have a go at modifying it slightly.

it's rather bodgy, but hey, it works! at least, it works for me on the newest version of chrome on a mac. i have no idea about other platforms or versions, sorry.

## faq
**why mark and not block?**  
honestly, i just doing this a lot cleaner. and of course the ✨ satisfaction ✨ of blocking manually :)

**can't you already see hexagons in pfps?**  
there are some people who mock nft by putting hexagons in their pfp. also, it's pretty small. hard to see. and also a red flag is funny.

**how does this work?**  
it just injects some css into your browser that adds some red and a flag to any profile picture with the hexagon crop.

**there's a bug!**  
you can open an issue or drop me a message [on twitter](https://twitter.com/bucketfish_)! no promise that i'll get to it tho.

**i hate nfts!**  
me too.
